c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\CountryTree.exe.config
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\CountryTree.exe
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\CountryTree.pdb
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.g.resources
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.exe
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\obj\Debug\CountryTree.pdb
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\zly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CountryTree\CountryTree\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
